Improved example and fixed comments (#5721)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/client-libraries/v3/python.md

related:
  - /influxdb/cloud-dedicated/query-data/execute-queries/troubleshoot/
list_code_example: >
  

>   #### Example: Writing and querying data

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this description. The `list_code_example` should only contain a code block, not Markdown content. I think we should move the description inside the python code block as python comments.

>   The following example demonstrates how to write sensor data into influxDB and retrieve data from the last 90 days for analysis. 

Reviewer: 💯

>   ```python

Reviewer: 👍

  
  # Write sensor data in batches from a CSV file.
    client.write_file(file='./data/home-sensor-data.csv', timestamp_column='time',
                      tag_columns=["room"])

  # Execute a query and retrieve data formatted as a PyArrow Table
    table = client.query(
      '''SELECT *
         FROM home
         WHERE time >= now() - INTERVAL '90 days'
         ORDER BY time''')
    ```

>     This script assumes the client object is correctly configured with your database name, token, and host URL. After running the query, table will contain the queried data formatted as a PyArrow table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This script assumes the client object is correctly configured with your database name, token, and host URL. After the script runs, the table variable contains the data formatted as a PyArrow table.
```

 This should also be a comment inside the code block.

from influxdb_client_3 import InfluxDBClient3, Point, WriteOptions
```

> - [`influxdb_client_3.InfluxDBClient3`](#class-influxdbclient3): a class for interacting with InfluxDB.

Reviewer: Thanks for catching the punctuation.

Just FYI, we'd typically do the reverse--we don't use periods if all the bullets are phrases (incomplete sentences). If at least one needs a complete sentence, then we'll end them all with periods to be consistent.

I'm not going to nitpick, though, as long as it looks consistent.

> - [`influxdb_client_3.Point`](#class-point): a class for constructing time a series data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`influxdb_client_3.Point`](#class-point): a class for constructing a time series data
```
